[loud crashing]
[Shipley] As Rita's ship
slipped into the time stream,
she was riddled with fear.
But there was no turning back.
She wanted to be a hero.
As she dove into the very root
of consciousness...
I'm Rita Farr.
...her tree of life blossomed
before her.
[breathes deeply]
But as she watched,
Rita was struck by
how little of her life
she'd actually chosen.
When was the last time
she followed her bliss?
♪ I'm always... ♪
[Shipley] Rita wept,
and every tear that fell
represented all the shame
and regrets,
all the judgy looks
and great harms that
Rita had endured.
And then, the most remarkable
thing happened.
With each tear shed,
Rita's memory was purged.
♪ My schemes are just... ♪
[Shipley] Whatever this
woman's dreams
and sorrows had been,
by the time she landed in 1917,
she was a blank slate.
♪ I'm always chasing ♪
♪ Rainbows ♪
[loud crashing]
[Rita groans]
[Rita gasps]
[Rita screams]
[woman] Okay, you.
I won't hesitate to give you
the what-now.
But if you're just
passing through,
let me be the first to say
welcome to Iowa.
My name is
Betty Ann Bucklestone.
Uh... Mmm.
Might I use your restroom?
Uh, can't say about rest.
You might get a few splinters.
[chuckles softly]
It's over yonder.
-Okay.
-What's your name, hon?
Uh...
Good question.
[people chattering
indistinctly]
There I was picking mushrooms,
when this strange
earthly motor carriage
dug right up
through my daffodils.
[Agent Wilson] Lady,
you do not want to mess with
the Bureau of Normalcy.
[Agent Patton]
Where is the pilot?
I can assure you,
I don't want to
mess with anyone,
but it does appear,
I am the ship's aviatrix.
Lady, what do you take us for?
Let's try this again.
I'm Agent Wilson, and you are?
Come on, lady,
we don't have all day.
I don't know. I am...
[grunts angrily] I am...
Laura De Mille.
Oh, you're a wisecracker now,
are ya?
Please. I'm not trying to
wisecrack anything. I...
[squelching]
Okay, I've seen enough.
Come on.
[Monsieur Mallah grunts]
[The Brain] Blasted
Bureau bottomfeeders.
Quickly, Mallah, capture
every detail of the vessel
before they haul it away.
Great idea, sir.
I'm The Brain.
All I have are great ideas.
[chuckles] Wonder of wonders.
Something tells me,
if I reverse engineer
the sketch,
I can design my own ship.
And then all my plans
for world domination
come into sharp focus.
-[Monsieur Mallah] Our.
-Excuse me?
Our plans for world domination.
[The Brain] Sure.
Stop.
Macaroni. Caroni. Caroni.
I finally arrived.
I don't know why.
[sobbing]
The Stapler flies at dawn.
Yams.
[Larry] There, there.
[shushing]
It's okay.
-It's okay.
-Come.
[Jane] Don't worry, Kay.
You just tell me what shoes
you want. I'll get them.
-[whispering]
You think it'll work?
-[whispering] It'll work.
What about green high tops,
or maybe some pink runners?
-You got the money?
-Yeah.
Okay. Go straight up,
buy your shoes,
and come right back, okay?
-What about the others?
-I'll take care of them.
Hey, you got this. Now go.
[door closing]
[Vic] Hey, man, you busy?
[video game noises beeping]
Dude, who is that?
I thought I told you not
to click pop-ups.
That's Ginger.
She keeps me company
while I play.
And if I just can get
Private Nuttles
to the Hazelnut Highway,
I'll be frickin' awesome.
-What's up?
-[sighs] I've been thinking...
Am I the hammer or the nail?
My brother, I hear you.
I mean,
am I an approximate man?
Why am I even Cyborg?
What? What?
Because you're a fucking god.
You can basically bang
anybody you want.
Like the entire cast
of The Love Boat
or Knots Landing.
Why in God's name
and nut cheese would
you want to change that?
Maybe because it's not
all about who you can bang?
Said no superhero ever.
-[Private Nuttles] Oh, nuts!
-What? No!
I had cashew reserve!
That really wasn't
the kind of talk
I was hoping for.
Oh, sorry. Stupid life choices
really aren't my specialty.
Oh, here's a thought.
Maybe talk to somebody
who gives a shit.
[video game noises resume]
Sit down.
And don't touch anything.
[fire roaring]
[sizzling]
[Laura] Enter.
Right, right.
[clears throat]
My, what a lovely laboratory.
A smoldering
headless mannequin...
-bubbling potions and mice.
-[squeaking]
Hello. Very sciencey.
The rather imposing gentleman
who was just leaving
seemed rather upset.
Might I ask what it is
you do here exactly?
Ah. [clears throat] Who am I?
Good question.
Relevant question,
and yet, I know not.
I seem to have flown in
like a feather off the cosmos.
That actually sounded
quite sciencey.
Right. Next question.
What am I?
Ditto.
Why am I? Mmm, another
thought-provoking inquiry,
and yet, I think
we might both agree
that my journey here
has left me
quite discombobulated.
The only thing I have is this.
Therefore, it would seem
that I am from
the Sisterhood of Dada,
and my name is Laura De Mille.
Ah! Look at that.
We have the same name.
Or not.
Now, if you're Laura De Mille,
then, who is
the Sisterhood of Dada?
Have you got a light?
Goodness. You did that
with such vigor and flair.
[mutters] Not flame.
[sizzling]
[blowing air]
Okay, not telekinesis.
Ha!
[clicks tongue] Did that...
Did that hurt?
No! In fact,
it felt just like...
I don't even know,
but, in summary, felt good,
felt really good.
Right.
Not a weapon.
Nuh-uh, Comrade Hog,
no squirrel meat today.
No! Get away from me.
[screams] What the fuck?
You scared the shit out of me.
Sisterhood of Dada. Speak.
[groans] Fine.
Bunch of super self-absorbed
kookledoodle meta-humans
who definitely do not like you.
When I said the name
Laura De Mille,
I got a foot up my ass
and not in a good way.
So, if I were you,
I'd stay away from
the Sisterhood of Wackydoo.
And?
[groans] And they were
working on
some creepy, maybe cool
art thingy.
Too early to tell.
Okay, draw it.
If it gets you away
from me sooner
I will do it.
[Cliff grunts]
-What's this?
-Hello? Robot fingers.
You are aware that
your little friend Rita
stole my time machine.
And that sucks for me why?
[keyboard clacking]
[glass shattering]
Mail plops into the gizmos,
sort and file it
in the doodads.
If they don't have a doodad,
put it in the thingamabob.
If they don't have
a thingamabob,
we put it back up the whatzit.
Got it?
Ah, goody! [chuckles]
[clears throat]
Out of the gizmo.
Into the doodad.
[chuckles] And we're off!
Don't think I've ever seen
anyone so delighted
by mail delivery.
Might as well make the most
out of this postal pit stop.
Reckon you're
just visiting, then?
Mmm-hmm. Your guess
is as good as mine,
but until I figure out
why I'm here,
I'll happily file the whatzits,
and take my marching orders
from that officious
Laura De Mille
in recruiting,
whom, by the way, strikes me
as a tad bit strange.
That officious Laura De Mille,
she saved us.
I stand corrected, Holly.
I suppose I'm just feeling
out of sorts
not knowing my name
or where I come from.
Let's give you a name, then.
How about we call you...
Bendy?
Hmm.
You've got a real knack, Bendy.
[Rita chuckles]
-And you've got a fan club.
-What?
[people chattering
indistinctly]
Oh, hello, it's me.
Hi. Oh, I remember seeing you.
Come with me. Now.
[door opens]
-Freaks.
-[all laughing]
Guess who was up there
just eating her sandwich
at the agents' table?
Bendy!
Meet the gang.
Malcolm, Shelly,
Sachiko and Lloyd.
[chuckles softly]
[Sachiko speaking Japanese]
I did, but Holly said it...
Wait. Did you just speak
Japanese and did
I just understand you?
-Piffle paffle, Bendy.
-Sorry, what?
Don't question.
Just go with it.
You have to eat here?
I'm utterly confounded.
You all should
do something about it.
Must be nice to have forgotten
how the world works.
That's true.
Meta weapons get sent
to the front lines.
People like us, we work here.
Or get carted off.
[Sachiko speaking Japanese]
Well, then,
until I find my way,
I shall indeed
piffle paffle here,
in this glorious,
gloomy gutter.
And don't worry, Bendy.
We still find ways
to have fun.
[Rita chuckles softly]
[Rita clears throat]
[Pretty Polly]
What are you doing?
Fuck yourself sideways,
Pretty Polly.
[Pretty Polly] Oh, ouch.
How could you let
the girl go up?
[sighs]
It's never been about
what I want.
[Pretty Polly scoffs]
Haven't you ever done
a kindness
simply for the sake of it?
Dr. Harrison says
there's no such thing
as a selfless act.
Pretty Pretty Polly,
wake the fuck up.
We're a construct.
Kindness may be
one of our only commodities.
[bird screeching]
[couple chattering
indistinctly]
-[girl laughing]
-[camera shutter clicking]
[Grid. powering up]
[sighs] Grid,
turn off notifications.
[Grid] Notifications off.
[Rita gasps]
[inhales]
[Laura] What is so special
about Niles Caulder?
I'm not sure.
[chuckles nervously]
[clears throat]
Just felt a twinge.
Ah, twinge.
That's fascinating.
[clicks tongue] Has your, um...
[clicks tongue]
body elephant
recalled anything else?
Perhaps about
the Sisterhood of Dada?
-The what?
-It was in your note.
Oh, right.
-No, still nothing.
-Hmm.
It appears you're the only part
of the note that I found.
Well, I must confess
I do know a little something
about the other part.
And I do believe it's high time
you found out.
[cheerful music playing]
It's wonderful.
[Laura chuckles]
The stuff of life, is it not?
A warm place to hang your hat
at the end of the day,
filled with friends and music.
But how did you...
Where are we?
Shelley made it for us.
It's her thing.
You're the Sisterhood of Dada.
But of course, you are.
Piffle paffle!
And we welcome you,
Post Mistress Divine.
We like to dress up, Bendy.
Adds a touch of the mysterious.
-I made this for you.
-[Rita gasps]
I call it "Ode to Lunchroom."
-Lloyd, c'est magnifique.
-Ah, merci.
-What are you thirsty for?
-Whatever you're having.
One Leap Frog coming on up.
Come, come, come, come.
[kisses]
Oh! Pull up a pillow, huh?
[Sachiko speaking Japanese]
First things first.
How did you know about
our little troupe?
[Lloyd] And are you from
the past or the future?
De Mille said you had a note
that mentioned the Sisterhood.
[Laura] This is our top
secret enclave, Bendy.
I had to mention the note,
I'm afraid.
Price of admission.
Don't let her straight-laced
Bureau face fool you.
Laura's a wild cat.
Well, it's all in good fun.
Ooh, that reminds me.
Maybe you could help.
We're making
a moving picture later.
Before we get zozzled,
we've got to know.
Bendy, are we important?
I wish I could remember.
-Uh...
-It's all right, honey.
[Shelley] Hmm.
You know, the only rule is,
there are no rules.
Piffle paffle!
-J'm'en fous.
-Really?
What happened to that
crackerjack woman
with the clipboard?
Oh, that bitch is
off the clock.
Truly, Bendy,
does anyone really know
who they are,
or why they're here?
All that really matters is now.
And now...
And wow.
[jazz music playing]
[giggling]
Whoo! My...
I need a break.
Say, where's that fellow
with the books?
Isn't he part of your coterie?
Oh, Malcolm? Dreadfully shy.
He had his head scrambled
by the war in France.
Just follow the pipe smoke.
You'll find him.
[all laughing]
[Malcolm]
♪ My schemes are just
Like all my dreams ♪
♪ Ending in the sky ♪
♪ Some people look
And find the sunshine ♪
♪ I always look
And find the rain ♪
[together]
♪ Some people make
A winning sometime ♪
♪ I never seem to make a gain ♪
♪ Believe me ♪
Ha, I found you.
You found the absinthe.
-Ah, yes!
-Have a seat, Bendy.
Well, thank you.
[clears throat]
Oh, I have just the thing.
-[canary chirping]
-Ah.
I, um, I traded my heart
for a canary in Verdun.
[canary chirping]
Every morning, she flies.
[chuckles softly]
Looking forward.
No memory from when she came.
[chirping]
Fresh eyes. Like you.
Your heart, does it hurt?
Ah, remembering's worse.
Can I help?
You already have.
[Lloyd] Lovebirds, come hither!
[Laura] Sweet folly
of Cupid's rapture.
We're making sound poems.
Malcolm, darling,
bring the lumiere. Come on.
And in the spirit
of absolute nonsense,
our great Bendy
will pick a word.
[Holly] Yes!
Come on, Bendy! Come on, Bendy!
Come on, Bendy!
-[Rita clears throat]
-Bendy?
-Chocolate.
-[Laura gasps]
Chock.
Chock-chock.
-Oh!
-Chock.
Chock-chock-chock.
[all] Chock-chock-chock.
[all clucking]
Okay.
Okay, okay. Okay!
Mountain.
-Ooh.
Muh-muh-muh.
Mum-mum-mum.
Muh. Mum-muh.
Mum-mum-mum-mah.
["Poker Face"
by Lady Gaga playing]
[all] Mum-mum-mum-mah.
Mum-mum-mum-mah.
Muh-muh-muh-mah.
-[Cliff] Oh, yeah.
Come to Papa.
-[poker game sounds playing]
Papa needs aces high.
Aces high, baby.
-[Ginger] Who's my big
metal stud?
-[Cliff moans]
You know what
I'm gonna do, Cliffie?
I'm gonna take my finger
and put it in my--
[alarm blaring]
Oh, sweetums,
you're out of time.
It's okay. Uh...
Just run my card again.
I need more Gingey goodness.
-[hawk screeches in game]
-Aw, yeah! Level 19, bitches!
Seven walnuts
from the Filbert Flyaway.
Um, Cliffie, it says
that your card's declined
due to insufficient funds.
I'm gonna need to log off now.
What? No.
What if we do an IOU?
[Ginger] No,
it doesn't work that way.
-[Cliffe huffs]
-Uh, do you have any
of those vintage coins?
Maybe you can
sell them on eBay.
[sighs] Uh, nope.
How about a used race car set?
[Ginger] Ew. Boring.
What about
your wacky roommates?
Do they have
anything cool to sell?
Uh, maybe.
Actually, you know,
one of my roomies is Cyborg.
Really? You know,
I would pay big bucks
to have coffee
or something hot
with him. [chuckles]
You would?
Let's see
what someone else would pay.
-[keyboard clacking]
-[mouse clicking]
[message dings]
Who would have thunk it?
All these little accidents
seem random,
but maybe I had to become
a race car driver, swerve,
see my wife cheating with Bump,
get in a wreck
caused by a mad scientist,
be reduced
to a brain in a tin can
and come live in this dump
with my wacky roommates,
you know?
Maybe it's some grand scheme
designed by the cosmos
that brought me to Salty Bumps
to fight an alligator
so I could reunite
with Clara and meet
my amazing grandson Rory.
Don't you see?
I had to die,
go to the afterlife,
see my asshole dad,
become a zombie,
only to realize I wanted
to be a better person.
Not for me,
but for Clara and Rory.
And in that quest,
I had too many parky meds
and clicked on that pop-up,
even though Vic told me not to,
but Chipmunk Jump opened a gate
where I didn't know
there was one, you see?
Point is, I took a risk
and it set me
on this hero's journey
with Private Nuttles,
Stan my online dealer
at World Wide poker,
and Ginger my cam girl.
And with this posse
of love and support,
I'm gonna win
that fucking key chain
and be the grandad
Rory needs me to be.
[crying hysterically]
[breathes deeply]
[people speaking indistinctly]
Last night was pure joy.
Not a care in the world.
Wherever you come from,
you didn't have this?
I don't think so.
The only sense
I could get was that
happiness was never as easy
as you all make it seem.
No, it's never been easy.
Their lives
have been bloody awful.
But at some point,
they chose to be happy
in spite of everything,
took comfort in that struggle.
When I met them I realized
that I needed to protect
their weird and wonderful ways.
And the Bureau let you?
Oh, they haven't
bothered me yet.
This is their protest.
A life well-lived.
What about you?
I'm a tad more complicated.
What are those two up to?
[chuckles] Their zany creation.
Oh, it's absurd, really.
I'm afraid some think of Dada
as more than a temporary fling
and carry the wild idea
that it can change the world.
But why shouldn't they risk it?
Follow their mad bliss,
plant their flag
and stand for something?
Bendy, you may have
lived a charmed life,
but from where I sit,
I'm lucky
to be standing at all.
Not everyone can
take that kind of risk.
No, Lloyd.
I suppose you're right.
[bicycle chain rattling]
Whoa.
-Whoa!
-[gasps]
[Jane] No, no, no, no Kay.
Kay, let me up.
You don't know him,
don't talk to him.
You okay?
Um, yeah, I'm okay. Thanks.
You just learning?
Well, you're doing
pretty darn good.
But if it were me,
I'd pay a bit more attention
to these cars. Much safer.
Take care now.
[softly] Okay.
[Larry] The Bureau's known
for going to any lengths
to secure a target.
They have no qualms pitting
family against each other.
I'm sorry you got sucked in.
I didn't. I chose this.
What? Why?
Really wasn't
that far a stretch,
what with the abandonment
and the mom going insane,
brother offing himself,
son getting shot.
Can't believe it took me
so long to realize
the Bureau's where
I always belonged.
But the Bureau is evil.
-[chair creaking]
-This can't be
who you are, son.
It can't be.
At least I didn't run away
with my tail between my legs.
And don't call me son.
That implies that
you were actually at
my Little League games.
Or helped me with algebra,
told me what to do
on a fucking first date.
You weren't there!
You weren't there,
Larry Trainor!
Not for me. Or Gary. Or Mom.
So drop the Dad routine
because it implies
responsibility for something
other than your goddamn self.
No, I stayed away
to protect you.
You stayed away to protect you!
Face it,
you sucked at being a dad.
Accept that. Make things
a lot easier for us.
[Larry] We don't all get
to choose our paths.
You think I wanted
to burn up in my plane
and become
some nuclear accident?
You think I raised my hand
at flight school,
volunteered to have
an alien entity merge
with my body,
basically making me
a radioactive pariah?
You think I enjoy
wrapping my body
everyday in bandages
and unwrapping them
just to take a piss?
Do you think it's been fun
to not touch anyone
for 70 goddamn years?
[Larry sighing]
And until today, yeah,
I selfishly wanted more.
But if my being around you
is so harmful,
then I'm done trying.
I am your father.
I loved you from the moment
you were born.
Actually, no, from the moment
I knew you were on the way.
I sat next to your mom's tummy,
and we listened to Game 1
of the World Series.
And when Willie Mays
caught that fly ball
and when we cheered,
you kicked.
Your foot was as big
as an orange slice
and I knew you'd be tall.
You can't take that from me.
And even after I left,
in my mind, I stayed.
But maybe that doesn't count.
And maybe you can't forgive me,
but I forgive myself.
So if you're
feeling better now,
I'd like you to leave.
[scoffs]
[Larry sighs]
[door closes]
[Elinore] Your father
and I used to have this ritual
that every time we would
come up here,
I would put a rock under
this tree and he would
call me crazy.
[Vic] I am because the world
needs justice and order.
I am because
I want to serve and protect.
[Frenzy] That was
rehearsed and cliche
for a half-man, half tin can.
The great Cyborg.
The man who doesn't
even know himself.
How can you
know suffering or joy
without knowing who you are?
You were right.
[voice shaking] You were right.
[Silas] Everything I did
was to protect you.
I don't care what you hear
or who you talk to.
-[crying]
-[Silas] It won't change that.
[sniffling and crying]
[Elinore] Victor,
when you walk down that path,
anything that happens from here
is your choice.
Focus on that.
[breathes deeply]
[triumphant music playing]
[people chattering
indistinctly]
-[chattering stops]
-[door creaking]
Oh goody. Chicken salad.
[man laughing]
[people murmuring]
Come on, Holly.
[man mockingly]
Yeah, come on, Frank.
[door opens]
[sighs]
Bendy, you're out of your mind.
In the best way possible.
[speaking Japanese]
[sighs] Okay.
[people whispering
indistinctly]
[Agent Burdette] God almighty,
look at that thing.
It's so ugly,
I can't look away.
This is why they're not
supposed to be up here.
How can you stomach any food?
It's grotesque.
[gasping]
[gasps]
[people muttering]
Whoa, whoa. I got you.
Never let 'em see you sweat.
Piffle paffle.
[voice shaking] Piffle paffle.
Come on.
[chuckling nervously]
Piffle paffle. Piffle paffle.
Piffle paffle. Piffle paffle!
[clucking]
-[horns honking]
-[all exclaiming]
[clucking]
Pickled stockings.
Sell! Buy! Cut the piss!
Look, sir.
You don't know what's coming.
-Boom-boom dun-dun ca-caw.
-[crowing]
Boom-boom.
Dun-dun. Ca-caw.
[crowing and screeching]
[whistle blows]
You metas. With me. Now!
Right now!
Piffle paffle. Ca-caw.
J'm'en fous.
[together] Piffle paffle.
Ca-caw. J'm'en fous!
Piffle paffle. Ca-caw.
J'm'en fous!
[laughing] Ca-caw.
J'm'en fous.
[breath trembling]
[all sigh in relief]
I thought we were done for.
We are the Sisterhood of Dada
and I will stand by you
till the day I die.
But for now, we have got to go
because the actual guards
are on their way. Come on.
Clowns, Sachiko? Really?
-You couldn't have
turned them into kittens?
-[Sachiko giggling]
[exhaling]
Oh, come on. Come on.
[footsteps approaching]
Well, if it isn't
Dr. Preparation H
and the Tattle Tale Twin.
That could
have gone very badly.
You may be primary
but you can't take risks
like this.
Thanks, Jane. It was great.
She looks pretty happy to me.
She doesn't
understand the danger.
Can't you see that?
I just watched a girl
teach herself
how to ride a bike
after being held captive
in her own mind
for almost 70 years.
In one afternoon,
she freed herself
from that bondage
and found a little joy.
Some things are worth the risk.
Well, it'd be nice
if all the personas
could have been
consulted beforehand.
Look, she gets better,
we get better.
I didn't always
think like this.
But when I saw
the wind in her hair
and the sun on her face,
I realized
this is the next step.
This is what growth looks like.
Our fates are all intertwined--
You have no idea
what growth looks like.
If you don't stop
this divisive behavior,
you'll get exactly
what you want.
What's that supposed to mean?
Mmm. Figured.
More idle threats
from a second-rate doctor
in cheap shoes.
That's a burn, Dr. H.
Now what?
For starters,
no more idle threats.
[Cliff crying]
I had three of a kind.
I thought we were
going up the river
so I went all in
and now it's gone.
All gone!
[Ginger] You'll
bounce back, Cliffie.
[message chimes]
Hang on. Fuzzyrimjob42
is offering 50K for blueprints
of my robot body and brain!
I mean, it's basically my DNA.
I can't sell that stuff.
I already sold
half my roomies' stuff.
What am I doing?
[automated voice speaking]
Next hand in 30 seconds.
29, 28, 27, 26...
twenty-five, 24, 23, 22, 21...
Oh, what the fuck. Fuck it.
Hey, I'm here
to see Dr. Chalmers
about synthetic skin.
-Do you have an appointment?
-I think so.
I booked it online.
-I can check. Let's see.
-Thanks.
-[keyboard clacking]
-Cyborg.
Actually, I booked it
under Vic Stone.
Right.
Here you are. Dr. Chalmers
will be with you in a minute.
Meantime, have a seat
and fill out
this questionnaire.
Thanks.
"What is it
you want to change
about yourself and why?"
[softly] "How will
your life improve
if you get synthetic skin?"
[squelching]
Oh, no.
I thought you were gone.
[groaning in pain] Ooh!
Oh! What is happening?
[screaming]
[groaning in pain]
[coughs and strains]
[footsteps approaching]
[Rita clears throat]
I was hoping
if I stood here long enough,
this great metal beast
would say something.
Anything. So I could know
why I'm here.
Not that
it really matters, but...
I don't really care why.
I just thank my lucky stars
that you chose this time,
this place.
And if this thing
should suddenly jump to life...
I understand
if you wanna go back.
Back to what?
I'm happy here.
Life makes sense.
I don't want to run
just because I fear
what the Bureau's becoming,
but what if they try
to do away with us
completely?
What if my purpose
was to take the Sisterhood
away from here
to some place safe?
Hmm.
I think your ship
was built for one.
Oh.
What if your purpose
was to show us
how to bend and stretch
towards a better world?
-[chuckling]
-Huh?
Do you think there's something
better out there?
I can't imagine what.
Somehow, somewhere,
I climbed into that metal beast
and journeyed here.
I found what
I was looking for and more.
Honestly, Malcolm,
why do we always think
there's something
better out there
just beyond our reach?
What could be
better than right here?
[chuckles softly] Right now?
I'm staying. I'm staying!
[chuckles softly] Good.
That's good.
[footsteps approaching]
[both chuckling]
-Oh, I almost forgot.
-Hmm?
I, um, made you something.
Your paperclip.
[both chuckle]
I believe I know
the perfect place to keep this.
May I?
[cage door creaking open]
[breathes deeply]
For safekeeping.
I'll guard it with my life.
Sisterhood of Dada.
Whatever you're after,
it won't be me.
[glass breaking]
[voice 1] Or maybe it will.
[voice 2] Or maybe it will.
[voice 3] Or maybe it will.
[fire roaring]